# Privacy Policy

Inferno Browser (we, We, us, Us) is a mobile browser based off of Mozilla's Fenix Browser for
Android. Among
features provided, we do make use of some third-party tools and apis that use data collection. We as
an organization do not collect any data as we do not have any external databases. Keeping this in
mind however, we do make use of Mozilla's apis, and we do use Crashlytics for bug reporting. Also
keep in mind, this is a web browser, which means you can interact with the web and share any data as
you see fit. All data sharing is optional however, if you wish to not share any data, you may turn
off bug reporting and not make use of account syncing by not logging in. In this setup, we do not
collect any data whatsoever, it is strictly up to you (the user) what you share with websites we
provide access to.

Here is all the data that is stored, whether it be locally or sent to third parties through their
apis:

## Locally Stored Data by Us

We store data locally, which can all be deleted or edited by you. This includes app settings like
preferences, stored themes, and toolbar customization options. These can all be edited or removed
through our settings screen.

We do also make use of Mozilla's tools and apis to store things like browser state, logins, payment
information, addresses, pages visited (history), saved content (bookmarks, collections). These can
all be edited or deleted as seen fit, and sensitive information like passwords and payment
information is encrypted. This data collection is not obligatory and the methods through which it is
requested (in-app prompts) can simply be dismissed.

By using Crashlytics there is also anonymized crash data that is stored locally before being sent to
their servers. This is optional however and can be disabled.

## Third-Party Data

With respect to our use of third-party apis, here goes:

### Mozilla

We make use of features related to your Mozilla account, and have access to some data that is stored
on there. Manipulation of that data is subject to Mozilla's privacy policy, which can be
seen [here](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/). As far as data we have access to, is data that
is synced to your mozilla account. This includes synced bookmarks, synced history, synced tabs,
synced passwords and login information, synced payment information, synced address information,
among other data types that are stored in your mozilla account. We use this data to show you in-app
content, and to allow you to access and modify your synced data, tabs and other information
mentioned. We also do provide data mentioned in the locally stored data section to mozilla's apis,
all data is managed through these apis, other than app preferences.

## Crashlytics and Google Analytics

We also do make use of Google's Crashlytics and Analytics combo, this is used for reporting bugs and
app crashes so we can improve the app, it is completely optional however. Although it is enabled by
default, you can disable it in the settings page, in the Privacy & Security section. All data
collection and handling is subject to Google's privacy policies, which can be
found [here (Crashlytics)](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)
and [here (Google Analytics)](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?sjid=3628144807195025047-NA#zippy=%2Cour-privacy-policy%2Cdata-collected-by-google-analytics).
As far as data collected, it may include device information like android version, phone model,
location data, and it may also include in-app activity data, like app processes that were running
when an error occurred. This does seem like a lot of data, but it's important to keep in mind that
all data collected by Google in terms of crash information which is our use case, is anonymized so
there's no way to identify you personally. The way we use this data is by taking a look in our
Firebase Crashlytics console to take a look at crashes so we can fix em. As mentioned before, crash
information helps us make app improvements, but reporting this data is completely optional and can
be disabled in app settings.
